Allow different merge strategies for config (#3229)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/configuration/advanced_configuration.md

* [How to override configuration with runtime parameters with the `OmegaConfigLoader`](#how-to-override-configuration-with-runtime-parameters-with-the-omegaconfigloader)
* [How to use resolvers in the `OmegaConfigLoader`](#how-to-use-resolvers-in-the-omegaconfigloader)
* [How to load credentials through environment variables with `OmegaConfigLoader`](#how-to-load-credentials-through-environment-variables)

> * [How to change the merging strategy used by `OmegaConfigLoader`](#how-to-change-the-merging-strategy-used-by-omegaconfigloader)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [How to change the merge strategy used by `OmegaConfigLoader`](#how-to-change-the-merge-strategy-used-by-omegaconfigloader)
```

```{note}
Note that you can only use the resolver in `credentials.yml` and not in catalog or parameter files. This is because we do not encourage the usage of environment variables for anything other than credentials.
```

> ### How to change the merging strategy used by `OmegaConfigLoader`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How to change the merge strategy used by `OmegaConfigLoader`
```

By default, the `OmegaConfigLoader` merges configuration [in different environments](configuration_basics.md#configuration-environments) in a destructive way. This means that whatever configuration resides in your overriding environment (`local` by default) will take precedence when the same top-level key is present in the base and overriding environment.

> You can change the merging strategy for each configuration type in your project's `src/<package_name>/settings.py`. The accepted merging strategies are `soft` and `destructive`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change the merge strategy for each configuration type in your project's `src/<package_name>/settings.py`. The accepted merging strategies are `soft` and `destructive`.
```

```python
from kedro.config import OmegaConfigLoader

CONFIG_LOADER_CLASS = OmegaConfigLoader

CONFIG_LOADER_ARGS = {
    "merge_strategy": {
        "parameters": "soft",
        "spark": "destructive",
        "mlflow": "soft",
    }
}
```

> If no merging strategy is defined, the default destructive merging strategy will be applied. Note that this merge strategy setting only applies to configuration files in different environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no merging strategy is defined, the default destructive merging strategy will be applied. Note that this merge strategy setting only applies to configuration files in **different** environments.
```

> When files are part of the same environment, they are always merged in a soft way and an error will be thrown when files in the same environment contain the same top-level keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When files are part of the same environment, they are always merged in a soft way. An error is thrown when files in the same environment contain the same top-level keys.
```
